build(android): Pin AAR minCompileSdk to minSdk (#5823)
getsentry/sentry-java: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Fixes

> - Pin the published Android SDK's AAR metadata `minCompileSdk` to our `minSdk` (21) so AGP 9 does not force consumers onto `compileSdk 37` ([#5823](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/pull/5823))

Reviewer: nit: 
```suggestion
- Pin the published sentry Android SDK's AAR metadata `minCompileSdk` to the actual `minSdk` (21) instead of the default AGP 9 `minCompileSdk=targetSdk` pinning (`37`) ([#5823](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-java/pull/5823))
```

Author: I kind of like how it is now since it states the impact on the consumers.

Reviewer: my main nit is using the terms "our" and "consumers": as an app developer reading this, it was't clear to me who's exactly affected by that (me the app developer, a user running my app, etc…)

Author: good point. ok i adjusted it to say "apps that depend on the SDK"
also another note it is `minCompileSdk=compileSdk` not `targetSdk`. I pushed an updated changelog.
